#Mingxuan Guo, 1003446719, mingxuan.guo@mail.utoronto.ca
#Xiaolin Liu, 1004430305, aisling.liu@mail.utoronto.ca

1. Sploit1: In this target1 the vulnerability occurred belongs
to buffer overflow. Since the target is not checking the 
boundary when copying the string. We overwrite the stack
with the shellcode and change the return address to shellcode
address. 

2. Sploit 2:
Although target 2 aims to copy the first 272 characters in buf only,
the vulnerability is that variable i and len can still be overwritten
to bypass the restriction if we know their addresses. The difference
between the address of buf and rip is 280 bytes, adding 4
(size of the return address) we get the size of attack_string. 
So we copy the shellcode to the bottom, then overwrite i and len based 
on their addresses relative to buf, set the environment variable with 
the address of buf and fill the rest of attack_string with "nop".

3. Sploit3: In this tartget3 the vulnerability occurred belongs 
to buffer overflow. Since the target3 that we are given is copying 
the string iteratively, we just need to increment the pointer to 
cover the 4 bytes that "AAAA" has been placed. Another 4 bytes 
needed to be considered for return address as in Sploit1.

4. Sploit 4:
Although target 4 aims to copy the first 169 characters in buf only,
the vulnerability is that variable i and len can still be overwritten
to bypass the restriction if we know their addresses. The difference
between the address of buf and rip is 184 bytes, adding 4 (size of the
return address) we get the size of attack_string. So we copy the shellcode
to it first, then overwrite i and len based on their addresses relative
to buf, let the return address be the address of buf and fill the rest
of attack_string with "nop".

6. Sploit6: In this target6 the vulnerability occurred belongs
to double free category. We have the full control at the place 
where tfree(q) occcured. In order to overwrite the the return 
address we made two fake tags, one for target address and the 
other for return address. When tfree is called, we can over write
the return address with target address. Modification was made on 
the shellcode 4 bytes after the target address. 
